- yen at some point in your life you've
probably met someone who had a scene or
insane hostility towards police officer
towards Authority figures of that kind
you may have met someone who felt that
way just because of negative experiences
in their lives or they grew up in a
neighborhood where it was considered
cool to insist that you'd never
cooperate with the cops anyway not even
if it was your own mother being murdered
or something or you may know people who
for for political reasons for reasons
they subscribe to and ascribe you know a
theoretical sense claims they'll never
cooperate with with police officers and
if you know enough of these people
sooner or later you're gonna see them in
awkward situations where they need help
they need help themselves and they run
to the cops or they call the cops and in
a sense it's easier for them if they
have a terrible experience it affirms
their expectations or their beliefs if
then the police officers treat them
awfully if they have a shabby or
denigrating experience and it's more
awkward and peculiar if they're standing
there or thinking the police are being
so helpful or thanking the police for
for saving their lives I have had some
situations like that not not where I was
the one caught in this double bind but
where I saw other people's principles
being put to the test by such an ironic
and incongruous contrast well in this
video we're gonna look at somebody
briefly who has come on the internet and
spread the most vile anti Hospital
hysteria imaginable who spread rumor and
innuendo and crazy conspiracy theories
to try to convince his audience to never
trust hospital authorities to never
trust medical doctors to never cooperate
them in much the same way and yet we
find that when he has a health emergency
as you're gonna see in this tape
he doesn't just run to the medical
doctors for help
he doesn't just run to the hospital he
also comes here on YouTube and asked his
followers to donate money to pay for his
medical expenses and these are the same
followers to whom he
is preached again and again and again
that hospitals are in his view not
merely a scam to take your money away
but part of an insane and pernicious
conspiracy actually trying to make you
sick profit from that sickness and then
kill you what did the doctors say at the
hospital
the doctor the doctor the doctor what
did the doctors say at the hospital all
the stories about judges and police
chiefs being involved in these mass
torturing and rapes of people especially
children there's a lot of head doctors
also involved in this the presidents of
the hospitals so these are the tunnels
which are under under a lot of cities
that's what's going on and the organ
harvesting is also part of it this is
why this is a connected web of all the
people who see themselves as something
higher and simply use us hi everyone
I'll get right to the point
my girlfriend Luna she was mugged
yesterday I wouldn't even make a video
about it but her teeth are all chipped
in at the top in the bottom because of
the kick in the face we tried all kinds
of raw food for healing even raw eggs
they're pretty much liquid but she can't
eat them because it hurts so much so now
we gotta get a straw and somehow try to
feed her some nutrition so she heals in
some way of course it's normal to be
brought to a place where you will be
helped after you have had an accident
except that hospitals are not designed
this way anymore it's not how the system
works at this point it's more so to milk
your money as long as possible to make
you stay there and even afterwards
because they usually make people
dependent on some kind of a drug
everything here is swollen the nose is
small and sure you had problems with a
no-shit surgeries surgeries this is a
follow-up to my video we want to live
hospitals want the opposite once you
land there it may be hard to get out
of us don't realize this because we
haven't been in this situation but the
nurses and doctors will slowly poison
you drug you and even make you immobile
and for the most part they do this
unconsciously but that's how the system
was created it's there to slowly kill
you what did the doctors say at the
hospital the doctor the doctor what did
the doctors say at the hospital but the
nurses and doctors will slowly poison
you people who don't understand this
will call the authorities they will
bring you to the hospital and they will
say that they simply followed orders and
the people who work there will say the
same and that's how you end up in the
death trap they will bring you to the
death trap and pump you full of drugs
and because of that you won't be able to
wake up there's so many people nowadays
in comas who shouldn't even be there
especially if they got the right food
which would be raw animal fat in the 80s
his son had a car accident and was in a
coma he was brain damaged and that's
what the first chapter is mostly about
and it absolutely reminded me of my stay
in the intensive care his father
our Jonas put raw butter and unheated
honey under his tongue while he was in a
coma and that's how essentially he woke
up from the coma even though the doctors
said that it's not going to happen but
my experience in the intensive care was
similar because a doctor told me that is
going to take me a year to get back up
on my feet and of course it didn't it
may have taken so long if I listened to
them so it's more of a trap if anything
if you land there start as if the people
there who work there want to hurt you
consciously it's that most of them are
not educated when it comes to health
although there's quite a lot of horror
stories of torture but that's usually
from the head nurses and the head
doctors who have spent two to three
decades in the business when we treat
them the way we do nowadays we give them
a lot of power and they become
power-hungry and see themselves as
something higher and they feel like they
can do anything and get away with
anything
the nurses may even see the doctors
sometimes as gods and usually they do
simply follow the comments the orders
and if you don't then you will get fired
and people stay ignorant about this on
purpose so they do not lose the job
because people are dependent on these
jobs on the income they're just trying
to make a living so when a nurse injects
you it's something is not as if she
wants to hurt you she's simply ignorant
about what she's doing that's why I
liked reading the book and the way Arjun
is treated the doctors is completely
different than any of us to nowadays
because he's so informed about health he
was able to correct them and doctors do
not like that nowadays it's the same as
people who sell you a cake in a shop
it's not as if they want to poison you
they're simply ignorant that they are
poisoning you
they are also dependent on the job so
they would probably not even want to
learn anything about nutrition otherwise
their business would collapse because
most people would not be able to
continue with their job at that point
anymore
what about heart attacks same thing you
will lay there in the bed for a week and
they will give you plan based low fat
high sugar meals
which caused you to be there in the
first place what did the doctor say at
the hospital because you could die and
you couldn't even remember your phone
number we definitely gotta go to a
dentist now because she can't eat
anything and you know how expensive
dentists are in Europe and with the nose
also
I appreciate all the support I get on
patreon but that money pretty much pays
for my food that's about it we both
don't have a decent income poor to pay
for any of this so if anybody could
support us in any way even five to ten
dollars on my paypal for example that
would really help us thank you if you
decide to support us I am a person with
unpopular political beliefs
I have political views that are
unpopular within whatever country I
happen to be living in within whatever
movements charity whatever I'm trying to
contribute to I find again and again
that my own beliefs put me in a minority
within a minority within a minority so
there's a really strange sense in which
I can sympathize with the double bind
this guy spirit is in he's asking for
donations from people when when his
espoused beliefs are so noxious are so
shocking that nobody would want to
donate to support him or or almost
nobody so I put this little quotation on
on screen here yeah this is out of
context I'm gonna give you the context
in half a second quote sphere is bro a
bit of fan of your videos for a while
but are you really saying it's okay to
murder and eat people correct me if I'm
wrong and they got the one-word answer
from cirrage yes and you know in case
you think the context for this is
something I don't know that would
justify this the video is titled serial
killers are the real heroes - organ
harvesting and it's very very clear in
that video exactly what is his political
position is now I've said this a million
times the internet sympathy is an
analytical tool I think we should have
sympathy for others we should count we
should cultivate the habit of
sympathizing with others in order to
better understand the world around us
even if it's just in order to better
understand politics political reality as
it unfolds
and to some very limited extent here I
can't have sympathy for the devil that
this is a guy who's come out and you
know propounded all of these insane
health claims insane conspiracy theories
he's fought his one-man mission is
one-man crusade against medical doctors
and nurses and hospitals and the
establishment but then one day his
girlfriend gets injured and suddenly
he's desperate for the help that he can
get from the hospital's the doctors the
nurses the medical establishment he's
desperate for you to donate money to
support him going to the hospital even
though his own views his own political
cause his own sense of purpose and
mission makes him impossible to
sympathize with impossible support
impossible to donate money to look guys
I've said this before I'll say it again
here on YouTube we don't have special
effects we don't have a lot in terms of
plot or script or drama honesty is the
only currency we've got and from day one
on this channel I was gonna keep it real
with y'all I've kept it real with you
about all the absurd contradictions in
my life my personal life my political
life I've been honest about you know my
opposition to things like pet ownership
castrating dogs and declawing cats my
opposition to common vices like
marijuana and there are people who
really don't want to be my friend donuts
for me because I'm so staunchly against
using drugs like like marijuana there
are even people who are a bit shocked
and alienated by the fact that I'm
against you know wasting your time
watching football baseball ice hockey
and yes yes y'all playing video games
you can see some video games in the
background this video a very harsh anti
you kicking position but I also have a
five-year-old daughter and I also have
the collection of video games my my
girlfriend amassed during her childhood
that are being warehoused here in this
apartment but I don't I don't waste a
lot of time playing video games let me
tell you all these things have added up
to make it very very difficult or
impossible for me to do fundraising for
me to really kind of build a career as
an activist
in the way I aspired to I have very very
few options very bleak chances if I
wanted to do fundraising for example to
illustrate and publish a children's
story book I wrote you guys most you
already know the story book if not it'll
give the link in the description to the
the script talking to artists talking to
publishers there's a parallel universe
in which I was just dishonest with my
audience in which I just told people
what they wanted to hear or I toned it
down and told people what I thought the
one here at least 50% of the time and
which I pandered and was that little bit
dishonest just enough to get that
support and that would be more money and
a bigger audience than what have you so
at bottom I know this is gonna seem
strange
I uh turley despise cirrage I utterly
disagree with everything he represents
the four pounds and of course I do sit
back in judgment on him in this
circumstance but I still can sympathize
with him because despite the fact that
his principles are bad and evil and
wrong he's still doing this thing of
being a man of principle and telling the
audience what they don't want to hear
because as crazy as he may be sincerely
he believes it and he believes it's in
their best interest to know the truth as
he tries to share it about us yen